# About US

Big Data Institute of Shenzhen University was founded in 2013, is the core support unit of "Guangdong-Hong Kong Modern Information Service Collaborative Innovation Center. Big Data Institute insist high starting point, high-level construction concept, focus on four core concept: building large data subject areas, carry out innovative work of personnel training, scientific research and industrial application, in order to become " the highland of developing big data in innovation science and technology, personnel training and development of industry and services in Guangdong region. "

There are around 10 people in Big Data Institute, including one leading talent in Guangdong, an engineer in Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineer and several professors and associate professors. Members in institute have published more than 300 papers, number of search Institute papers hit 6000 times, highest cited hit over 1000 times. Institute has over 20 complete and in research projects including the National Natural Science Foundation of China, major scientific and technological project in Shenzhen. Member of the Institute has won provincial natural science price.

Big Data institute emphasized the importance of extract big data from industrial application to research on scientific research requirement. On the basis of theory area, institute focus on research big data for machine learning, statistical learning, computational complexity, similarity calculation, approximate calculation, computational complexity reduction, complex semantic and relational representation theories and methods and other aspects. In the core technology area, institute focus on distributed parallel modeling and integration of large data computing environment, efficient ETL process, efficient indexing and query, the new data mining algorithms, visual analysis and show the data security and privacy protection technology.

By the support talent team from Guangdong Big Data Collaborative Innovation Center and advantages of cross discipline, Big Data Institute has strengthened training professional big data talents. Institute also accelerates the construction of multi-level professional training system by setup special class including undergraduate, master and doctor. Collaborative Innovation Center partner institute include the University of Hong Kong, Zhongshan University, South China University of Technology, Jinan University, Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Technology and the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Big Data Institute also focus on collaborate with other well known international university and training high-level big data talents, now the Institute has already reached a cooperation intention with University of Technology Sydney and Hong Kong Baptist University to setup big data mater students training project. Big Data Institute intends to increase the enrollment of overseas students and attract overseas talents to study PhD or postdoctoral research.
